Split the long check table into multiple tables (#19)
percona-platform/portal-doc: docs/checks.md

## List of checks

> Percona Platform hosts all Advisor checks available for MySQL, MongoDB and PostgreSQL databases connected to PMM. Check the full list of checks and their availability to **anonymous**, **registered** and **paid** PMM instances in the tables below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Percona Platform hosts all Advisor checks for MySQL, MongoDB, and PostgreSQL databases connected to PMM. Check the complete list of checks and their availability for **anonymous**, **registered**, and **paid** PMM instances in the tables below.
```
